.TH smplayer 1 "January 2012" "The SMPlayer Project" "SMPlayer"
.SH NAME
SMPlayer \- The best GUI frontend for MPlayer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B smplayer
.I [\fI-minigui\fR] [\fI-mpcgui\fR] [\fI-defaultgui\fR] [\fI-config-path <directory>\fR]
[\fI-send-action <action_name>\fR] [\fI-actions <action_list>\fR] [\fI[\-no]\-close\-at\-end\fR] 
[\fI[\-no]\-fullscreen\fR] [\fI\-sub <subtitle_file>\fR] [\fI-pos <x> <y>\fR] [\fI-size <width> <height>\fR] 
[\fI\-add\-to\-playlist\fR] [\fI-disable-server] 
[\fI\-help|\-\-help|\-h|\-?\fR] [\fI<media1>\fR] [\fI<media2>\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP
SMPlayer is a GUI media player based on Qt 4, using \fBmplayer\fR(1) as its backend.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-minigui
Open the mini GUI instead of the default one.
.TP
.B \-mpcgui
Open the mpc GUI instead of the default one.
.TP
.B \-defaultgui
Open the default gui.
.TP
.B \-config\-path <directory>
Specify the directory for the configuration files (smplayer.ini, smplayer_files.ini...).
.TP
.B \-send\-action <action_name>
Try to make a connection to another running instance and send to it the
specified action. 
.IP
\fIExample\fR: smplayer \-send\-action pause
.IP
The rest of options (if any) will be ignored and the application will exit. It will return 0
on success or \-1 on failure.
.TP
.B \-actions <action_list>
<action_list> is a list of actions separated by spaces. The
actions will be executed just after loading the file (if
any) in the same order as input. For switchable actions
you can pass true or false as parameter. 
.IP
\fIExample\fR: smplayer \-actions.br "fullscreen compact true"
.IP
Quotes are necessary in case you pass more than one action.
.TP
.B \-close\-at\-end
Close the main window when the file/playlist
finishes.
.TP
.B \-no\-close\-at\-end
Do not close the main window when the file/playlist
finishes.
.TP
.B \-fullscreen
Play the video in fullscreen mode.
.TP
.B \-no\-fullscreen
Play the video in windowed mode.
.TP
.B \-sub
Specify the subtitle file to be loaded (for the first video only).
.TP
.B \-pos <x> <y>
Specify the coordinates where the main window will be displayed.
.TP
.B \-size <width> <height>
Specify the size of the main window.
.TP
.B \-h, \-help, \--help, \-?
Show the help message and then exit.
.TP
.B -add\-to\-playlist
If there is another instance running, the media will be
added to that instance's playlist. If there is no other
instance, this option will be ignored and the files will be
opened in a new instance.
.TP
.B -disable-server
Disables the server used to communicate with other instances. 
This also disables the possibility to use a single instance.
.TP
.B <media1> <media2> ...
Any kind of file that SMPlayer can open. It can be a local file,
a DVD (e.g. dvd://1), an Internet stream
(e.g. mms://....) or a local playlist in format m3u or pls.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBmplayer\fR(1)
.SH AUTHOR
The author of SMPlayer is Ricardo Villalba <rvm@users.sourceforge.net>.

This manual page was written by Matvey Kozhev <sikon@lucidfox.org> for the
Ubuntu project (but may be used by others).
Has been updated by greengreat <gmeildeno@gmail.com> for the SMPlayer project (July 2009).

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 or any later
version published by the Free Software Foundation. On Debian systems, the
complete text of the GNU General Public License can be found in
\fB/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL\fR.
				   
.SH BUGS
Please submit bugs to \fBhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/smplayer\fR.
